Docs: Removing estimates for current month from counters api (#30572)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/counters-api-wait-warning.mdx

> As of Vault 1.20+ent and later, in the moments following a Vault reboot, or leadership change, Vault may take sometime to get the exact client usage information. In such cases, an error  `We are gathering the most up-to-date client usage information. Please try again later.` will be returned until the background loading of client data has completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Vault 1.20+ent and later, following a Vault reboot or leadership change, Vault may take some time to retrieve accurate client usage information. During this period, the error `We are gathering the most up-to-date client usage information. Please try again later.` will be returned until the background loading of client data is complete.
```
